Don't allocate new memory for htkeys on adding new item if the dict has deleted slots (#1200)
aio-libs/multidict: CHANGES/1200.feature.rst

> Skipped reallocation of internal htkeys structure on inserting new items if the

Reviewer: Can't we just use inline highlighting for things that clearly reference source code identifiers? This way, we wouldn't have to keep adding special cases to the known words list. This isn't a word, anyway. So let's not pretend like it is.
```suggestion
Skipped reallocation of internal ``htkeys_t`` structure on inserting new items if the
```

Author: ok, thanks!

> Skipped reallocation of internal ``htkeys_t`` structure on inserting new items if the

Reviewer: (writing style)
```suggestion
Stopped reallocating memory for the internal ``htkeys_t`` structure when inserting new items if the
```

multidict has deleted items and it could be collapsed in-place.  Removal of

> ``malloc()``/``free()`` could improve the performance a little.

Reviewer: (writing)
```suggestion
``malloc()``/``free()`` improves the performance slightly.
```
